High pressure gas confined in the fuselage etc. at high pressure
but
This high pressure gas will be attached to the accident response training.
I was
High pressure gas is packed in a high pressure compressed bus
From being
Big size when an accident occurs
At a cultural high school festival in Toshima Ward
There is an explosion accident of cut rate for cassette stoves, and 5 people are light
I was hurt
I put a large iron plate on top of two gold lines and cook
Overheating of the cartridge is considered to be the cause
In addition, there were 29 cases of high pressure gas accidents last year in Tokyo, and one person
And the matter about the household is by no means irrelevant
Not
If you make a mistake in using Kamo in the city or if you use it for school refusal
The incident will be held from now on
In the case the end of the West close to the price in the basket
Control what happens when heat is applied
This song deputy officer makes a noise and explodes like this
Depending on one month, it may lead to this accident
Technical specification
how to use
Debut album
Of course make it yourself
20 year old girl
It has been mistaken for the abandoned passenger
With the measures of the notes that came to my head
That's right
There are 29 days
At 4520 yen
mozilla download free
High pressure gas
Mainly business operators are often used
Because there is an opportunity to use it for the general people such as propane gas day
Called Tokyo and others to follow the precautions for use and use safely
I'm calling